saaam 10 why do you stand afar awful
lord why do you hide in times of trouble
the wicked in his pride persecutes the
poor
but then be caught in the plots which
they have devised or the wicked boasts
of his heart's desire he blesses the
greedy and renounces the Lord wicked in
his proud countenance does not seek God
God is in none of his thoughts his ways
are always prospering your judgments are
far above out of his sight as for all
his enemies he sneers at them he has
said in his heart I shall not be moved
I shall never be in adversity his mouth
is full of cursing and deceit and
oppression under his tongue is trouble
and iniquity he sits in the lurking
places of the villages in the secret
places he murders the innocent his eyes
are secretly fixed on the helpless he
lies and wait secretly as a lion in his
den he lies in wait to catch the poor he
catches the poor when he draws him into
his net so he crouches he lies low at
the helpless they fall by his strength
he has said in his heart God has
forgotten he hides his face he will
never see arise O Lord o God lift up
your hand
do not forget the humble I do the wicked
renounce God he has said in his heart
you will not require an account but you
have seen or you observe trouble and
grief to repay it by your hand the
helpless commits himself to you you are
the helper of the fatherless break the
arm of the wicked and the evil man seek
out his wickedness until you find none
the Lord is king for ever and ever the
nations have perished out of his land
Lord you have heard the desire of the
humble you will prepare their heart you
will cause your ear to hear to do
justice to the fatherless and the
oppressed that the man of Earth may
oppress
no more
[Music]